I am Maureen Lancaster, I am a high school English teacher, and my experience through
this has been just seeing kids blossom in so many areas that we can't necessarily teach
in the classroom through these experiences, through public speaking, problem solving,
communicating with others, disseminating and dissecting information that's at a high
Lexile level, I think it's something that leads into so many subjects and incorporates
so many different ideas that any student who does this program is going to have a step
up through leadership, through interview roles, through real world experience by being able
to apply the International Space Settlement Competition knowledge to their everyday life.
Okay, my name is Praveen Payyadakathu, I teach math at the high school, and I believe this
program is going to help the students out of their classroom to build their leadership
qualities, you know, so they can learn with their friends, you know, with other school
students, so it's going to help them in the future when they go to college for higher
studies, so I completely like, I suggest this program for the high school kids.